PVPN is a tool to set up personal VPN
====

This scripts help user to set up and configure VPN. It support: openvpn and strongswan.
For openvpn it will use stunnel4 to hide the VPN tunnel into ssl so that it won't be block by GFW
For strongswan, it help you configure server mode (with public IP) and client mode (initial connector). 


How to set up VPN
----
You need to have a vps on cloud or have a server with public IP. If you don't have one, simply buy one from any cloud service provider like AWS/Azure/Alicloud. Some cloud service provider can provide you one year free service so you can give it a try. 

Scripts have been tested with Ubuntu 18.04. Other version of Ubuuntu or Debian may work but not garantee. For client side, you can use windows, mac , android. use the the client certs generated by scripts in server and put it in the right place.

You simply need to run the same script in server or client PC. <br>
sudo ./install_vpn.sh <br>

And then follow the instruction to select server/client mode and VPN type. You'll need to input public IP of VPN server. Most of the rest you only need to press "Enter" key follow the prompts. But you'll need to input "yes" in the server/client certs generation process if you choose install openvpn solo. 


PVPN scripts will help you generated every thing serer needed and also generated a client certification for the use in home or office PC/laptop. You can download client certs directly from server via web browser.
All necessary certs,config files,scripts in Ubuntu server/client will be generated in server and download & extract in client automatically.

Firewall:
Following ports need to be available in VPN server for scripts to function as expected:

TCP 8000  :  webfs port for downloading certs and configuration automatically.
TCP 8443  :  openvpn over stunnel, this is the port that stunnel4 service listen on
UDP 500,4500:  These two used by ipsec VPN. 

Scripts currently only support ubuntu 16.04 or 18.04
After installation, to start the vpn in client PC:
For example in Linux PC:
For openvpn in ubuntu 18.04:  sudo systemctl start openvpn-client@client
For strongswan ipsec: ipsec up pvpn

To do list:
----


PVPN scripts is originally designed to simplify the palfort vpn set up and configuration process. Now you can take advantage of it to set up your own VPN network.
Palfort is an internet organization that aimed to gather people in the world to co-work together and build all necessary software and platform that you may need in "Internet Age". 

We believe as user and also as maker. We set up code and rules and also provide platforms, to prevent our future from kidnaped by internet gients like Google,Facebook,Amazon
You're welcome to join Palfort. More information please feel free to send an email to peyoot#hotmail.com

